metrics docs (#8406)
highlight/highlight: docs-content/general/6_product-features/6_metrics/1_overview.md

---
toc: Overview
title: Metrics
slug: overview
---

> Metrics are features of your sessions, errors, logs, and traces that you can graph, analyze, and monitor. For a lot of cases, the data you need is already in highlight.io.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metrics are representations of your sessions, errors, logs, and traces that you can graph, analyze, and monitor. When understanding your business or application, the reality is that a lot of the data you need is already in highlight.io.
```
